Update overview.md (#154)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: builders/build/templates/overview.md

## Base Setup to Support the Tanssi Protocol {: #base-setup-supporting-tanssi }

> Besides Cumulus, a Container Chain must implement the following Tanssi modules to support the protocol and benefit safely from Tanssi's block production as a service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides Cumulus, an appchain must implement the following Tanssi modules to support the protocol and benefit safely from Tanssi's block production as a service:
```
